A little street vendor
Do you know
This banquet hall is filled with the top celebrities of the sea city
You don't take us seriously
What about the dragon race?
The dragon race is the head of the top family in the sea city
I also got the Phoenix shop owner Qinshe
So what?
Longyanchi is the one you raise your nose
But I
But he was the one who bowed to the monster
You are enough to die and still be so stubborn
You are nothing
It will only drag down the growing burden
It's not enough that you've been parasitic
Now I have offended my big brother and the dragon armor.
You have to force Ran Ran
Will you give up the contract after giving it to you?
Really self-righteous
Nonsense
Otherwise, which mother?
Do you want to destroy your own daughter with your own hands?
So that's what you're here for?
Don't you just want money?
I'll give you as much as you want.
I know you've been partial to your adopted daughter since you were a child
But this party is really important to me
Can you please stop delaying my future?
Shi Ran Ran, you say I'm biased
You touch your conscience and ask yourself
I didn't give you what you wanted from childhood to adulthood
I gave you one less meal
Still missing a dress.
Let you starve and freeze?
What is your bit of effort?
It is said that parents determine the starting point and height of their children
You have delayed the starting point
now
Do you still want to be a stumbling block on the road to success?
Okay, I have already persuaded what should be persuaded.
Ladies and gentlemen, the dragons will always move to
I will ask his forgiveness
But mom
I don't know if he will spare you
No.
Okay, Ran Ran
Good words are hard to persuade
Ghost stone cloud
You have somehow offended the elites of the sea market today
I'll teach you a lesson for my brother
Then you have to hurry up
After all, you only have three minutes left.
What a pity, Shiyun
This will be your life
It's counting down.